[docs] Remove public links of examples in AV API references (#29666)
expo/expo: docs/pages/more/glossary-of-terms.mdx

### Slug

> We use the word "slug" in [**app.json**](#appjson) to refer to the name to use for your app in its URL.

Author: ```suggestion
`slug` in the [app config]((#appjson) is a URL-friendly name for your project. It is unique across your Expo account.
```
